[ACM-8334]: Adding hosted control plane known issue (#5737)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/release_notes/known_issues.adoc

You can specify a custom ingress domain by using the `ClusterDeployment` resource while installing a managed cluster, but the change is only applied after the installation by using the `SyncSet` resource. As a result, the `spec` field in the `clusterdeployment.yaml` file displays the custom ingress domain you specified, but the `status` still displays the default domain.

[#deleted-nodes-shown-in-console]
=== Console lists nodes even after they are removed from the cluster and returned to the infrastructure environment
//2.9:ACM-83334

When a node pool is scaled down to 0 workers, the list of hosts in the console still shows nodes in a Ready state. You can verify the number of nodes in two ways:

> * In the console, go to the node pool and verify that it has 0 nodes.

Author: @lshilin-r I updated lines 494 - 506. PTAL when you can and let me know if anything else should change. Thank you!

Reviewer: Sorry, I  think I was not clear enough. 3 commands can be used to verify no nodes are bound to the cluster
I suggest the following text:

`
When a node pool is scaled down to 0 workers, the list of hosts in the console still shows nodes in a Ready state. You can verify the number of nodes in two ways:

* In the console, go to the node pool and verify that it has 0 nodes.
* On the command line interface, run the following commands:
** Verify that 0 nodes are in the node pool by running the following command:
oc get nodepool -A
** Verify there is 0 nodes on the cluster by running the following command:
oc get nodes --kubeconfig <hosted cluster kubeconfig path>
** Verify that 0 agents are reported as bound to the cluster by running the following command:
oc get agents -A
`

Author: @lshilin-r That is much clearer -- thank you! I updated the text with your suggestion. Please let me know if anything should change before this moves along to peer review.

You can specify a custom ingress domain by using the `ClusterDeployment` resource while installing a managed cluster, but the change is only applied after the installation by using the `SyncSet` resource. As a result, the `spec` field in the `clusterdeployment.yaml` file displays the custom ingress domain you specified, but the `status` still displays the default domain.

[#deleted-nodes-shown-in-console]

> === Console lists nodes even after they are deleted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Console lists nodes even after they are removed from the cluster and returned to infrastructure environment
```

//2.9:ACM-83334

When a node pool is scaled down to 0 workers, the list of hosts in the console still shows nodes in a Ready state. You can verify the number of nodes in two ways:

* In the console, go to the node pool and verify that it has 0 nodes.

> * On the command line interface, run the following commands:

Reviewer: ** Verify that 0 nodes are in the node pool by running the following command:
```suggestion
** Verify that 0 nodes are in the node pool by running the following command:
oc get nodepool -A
```
Please, add  this command as well

> ** Verify that 0 nodes are in the node pool by entering the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Verify that 0 nodes are in the node pool by running the following command:
oc get nodepool -A

** Verify there is 0 nodes on the cluster by running the following command:
```

+
----
oc get nodes --kubeconfig <hosted-cluster-kubeconfig>
----

> ** Verify that no agents are reported as bound to any cluster by entering the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Verify that no agents are reported as bound to the cluster by entering the following command:
```
Some agents can be bound to other clusters, if any. There should be no agents, bound to the cluster that has nodepool with 0 workers

You can specify a custom ingress domain by using the `ClusterDeployment` resource while installing a managed cluster, but the change is only applied after the installation by using the `SyncSet` resource. As a result, the `spec` field in the `clusterdeployment.yaml` file displays the custom ingress domain you specified, but the `status` still displays the default domain.

[#deleted-nodes-shown-in-console]

> === Console lists nodes even after they are removed from the cluster and returned to the infrastructure environment

Reviewer 2: Optional:

Maybe it's just I, but I read `Console lists` as the subject. Like `Console` was describing `lists` and `lists` was a noun. Maybe a simple `the` would help it read better? What do you think?

The Console lists nodes even after they are removed from the cluster...

Author: Good suggestion!

//2.9:ACM-8334

> When a node pool is scaled down to 0 workers, the list of hosts in the console still shows nodes in a Ready state. You can verify the number of nodes in two ways:

Reviewer 2: Should it be, 

...the lists of hosts in the console still shows nodes in a `Ready` state. 

Since we are referring to a UI element, wouldn't we need `` or ** to around that word?

Author: Another good point. "Ready" should be in monospace. Thanks!
